how you guys doing today I'm up for
review is p.m. spyderco persistence
um
it's got like a two and three-quarter
inch blade overall length is about 6 and
13 16 nice g10 handle grips there see
you'll liner lock
the steel ain't that great it's what
they call them HCR 13 mov not the
greatest in the world but you know for
the price you know it works
as you can see I've actually working on
putting a mirror finish on that getting
there but it's not quite there yet
from
weighs about 3.3 ounces
you can actually
have this right now it is actually
tipped down Keri but you can actually
move this clip from here to one of three
other places here which would make it a
tip-up carry or if you're on I suppose
maybe left-hander or something you could
maybe put the clip here we're here for
tip up or tip down Keri whichever you
prefer
but yeah getting back to the money it's
not a bad night for the for the money
you know probably get this for maybe
under thirty bucks you know
and it's not a bad knife I mean I use it
much everyday use it for cutting boxes
packages touched up to UM edgell my apex
now I usually find myself sharpen this
knife about no twice a week maybe but
like I said for the price under 30 hours
you know you can't expect miracles you
know it's not going to stay sharp
forever but I'm all in all it's a little
life that you can use as a work night
beat it up and not have to worry too
much about losing this knife beans it's
a low-cost knife economy knife yeah I
mean for under 30 bucks I'd say this is
all you can afford go ahead and purchase
this knife you probably won't regret it
if you want to step up you know upgrade
something a little better than this you
might want to go for the spyderco sage
or the spyderco Mannix I would
personally suggest the sage it's you
know got a lot better steel better
handles better clip in my opinion just
an all around better knife but yeah this
is the spyderco persistence